For my project, I created Reddit Pong. I used the phaser technology with the reddit api to create custom skins for the pong paddles. In order to do this I had to send a get request to the reddit API, and store the result as a key value in an object. I learned from this project that phaser does not like loading images that are not hosted locally. This made me have to store the image I received from reddit in the phaser image cache. I then had to call the image from the cache and load it in the game. If the reddit query does not produce an image, the game uses the default pong paddle image. Additionally, I allow the user to choose between five different colors for color of the ball. If none are selected, the default white pong ball displays. I also make two calls to the random user API to get random players on either side of the game. Also, displayed with this API call are the random user's first and last name. I had to make two separate API calls to the random user API to insure that the players were not the same. I also have a menu page which uses the animate.css library to give it some flare. The reddit image on the page uses the swing animation while the instructions for playing the game use the zoom in animation.
  I attempted to use the agile work flow method while creating this project but my stories changed almost every day so I would have been writing stories on pivotal tracker to match what I was doing that day which I do not believe represents how pivotal tracker was meant to be used. However, besides writing the actual stories, I used the same workflow. I accomplished something such as the API call to reddit then I committed and pushed and deployed. I also deployed through gitHub pages instead of firebase for the first time and I definitely think I made the right choice. 
